You?
Su Xu Su Xu
Are you okay, Su Xu?
Don't scare me
Sorry, Miss Su.
I failed you.
You liked me so much before
I dare not ask for your forgiveness
I'll use this life to apologize to you
Su Xue, wake up, wake up
Wake up wake up
wake up
Respiratory versus Respiratory
He is saving me
So fragrant and soft
Thoughts Thoughts
I forgive you.
Wake up, wait a minute
He is crying, hurry up
Wake up!
I want to be with you.
I like you.
Wake up!
Wake up, what are you pretending to be dead when you're all awake?
Is it funny for a janitor to cry?
I didn't make you cry
But you look good when you cry
Hey, did you just say you weren't mad at me?
It's okay to admit it.
This lady has always spoken with one word
Really. Hmm.
Ah!